Update README.md before the 0.6 release (#3349)
quickwit-oss/quickwit: README.md

</h4>
<br/>

> <b> Quickwit 0.6 is almost there and is set to redefine your search experience on multi terabyte dataset with a host of powerful features! </b>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<b> Quickwit 0.6 is almost around the corner and is set to redefine your search experience on multi-terabyte datasets with a host of powerful features! </b>
```
